BD-3357: Adding dashboard users (#7893)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/administrative/app_settings/manage_your_braze_users/adding_users_to_your_dashboard.md

## Adding Braze users

You must have administrator permissions to add users to your Braze account. 

To add a new user:

1. Go to **Settings** > **Company Users**.
2. Click **+ Add New User**.

> 3. Enter their information as prompted, including their email, department, and [user role]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/manage_your_braze_users/user_permissions/#editing-user-permissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter their information as prompted, including their email, department, and [user role]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/manage_your_braze_users/user_permissions/#creating-a-role.
```

{% alert tip %}
The department listed in a user's profile determines what types of communications they receive from Braze. This is so everyone only receives the communications and alerts that are relevant to how they use Braze.
{% endalert %}

![][2]

{:start="4"}

4. For users that aren't administrators, select the company-level and workspace-level [permissions]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/app_settings/manage_your_braze_users/user_permissions/#editing-a-users-permissions) you want this user to have.

![][3]

### Email address requirements

> Every email address used in a workspace must be unique. This means that if you try to add an email address that's already associated with a user who had or still has access to the workspace, you'll see an error message. 

Author: ```suggestion
Every email address used in an [instance]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/access_braze/sdk_endpoints) must be unique. This means that if you try to add an email address that's already associated with a user who had or still has access to a company workspace in that instance, you'll see an error message. 
```

> As a workaround for Gmail accounts that recognize the alias created by adding a plus sign (+) to the email address, you could add a suffix like "+1" or "+test" to the email address. For example, `contractor@braze.com` can be `contractor+1@braze.com`.

Reviewer: Sorry, this one I don't know that I have the context for. This is the first time an alias is mentioned. What do you need to workaround here?

Author: For sure! This was actually added per [BD-2604](https://jira.braze.com/browse/BD-2604). Actually, you're probably already familiar with this behavior with things like the FakeBrandz dashboard. In that scenario, we log in with "firstname.lastname+demo@braze.com" because we already exist as users in that cluster with our actual gmail account. 

The example cited in the docs request is for partners. 

Looking at this further though, @lydia-xie I wonder if we should clarify this language slightly. Here we say: "Every email address used in a workspace must be unique" but that isn't quite correct. It's actually referring to every email in a _cluster_ must be unique. User-facing, I believe that language would be their [instance](https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/administrative/access_braze/sdk_endpoints?redirected=true#braze-instances:~:text=right%20cluster%20address.-,Instance,-URL).

Reviewer 2: Makes sense to me! Can you make the edit as part of your PR? 🫡

Author: Just pushed a fix! @josh-mccrowell-braze, does this help explain this content, or do you think further changes are needed?
